Welcome back we can talk all we want about a yes and lambda but without actually coding it and seeing
it live.
We're not going to fully understand.
So let's talk about what our plan is with A.W. and Lamda what we're going to do.
So that way we can start implementing it.
Now I want to give you a heads up and I want you to follow along here as you're doing this exercise
because AWOS has something called a free tier that is it gives you their services for free to try them
up now and here you can see that they have Esrey with five gigabytes per month that they allow you and
E.C to and other options but also AWOS Lamda they allow you 1 million free requests per month.
So you can try this exercise you won't pay any money and as long as you have less than a million requests
per month which if you're just developing and playing along.
I'm sure that's more than enough.
So I recommend that you sign up so you can follow along and test it out yourself.
It is unbelievably easy when you get started with Lamda once you figure out the configuration.
It is so nice and so fun and there's so many things that you can do.
I recently build a bot that sends me a text message any time there's a notification that I'm interested
in with Bitcoin and I get a text message because a slander has been told that every 30 minutes I wanted
to check some price of bitcoin.
Things like that become super super easy with AWOS.
Now I recommend you create an account and take advantage of this free tier.
And once you log in you'll have something like this your dashboard and within the dashboard you can
ask for any AWOS service you can do dynamo D-B can do S-3 you can do cloud front that we've talked about
but we're interested in lambda and you just click on the service that you want and actually gives you
a dashboard you see that already have a few things over here but to show you how easy it is to create
a function well I can just name it test or what should we name this actually.
Well let's go back to our app and see where we want to build.
If I go to my app let's say that we want to add a ranking system as Bruno requested perhaps based on
the number of entries that you have.
You get a little badge here that says you know you're a rocket badge or you're a teddy bear badge whatever
it may be.
And we want to have that being updated.
Through a function that lives in Amazon Lamda so it let's just create that.
I'm going to just call it rankly just because all the popular names and then Lee apparently and will
use.
No.
Yes.
I think the latest version of note that they have you can see what programming languages you can use.
Looks like they have node 8.10 Salles to that latest version of Node.
And you also have to do something called rolls which you are going to talk about but for now just for
demonstration purposes I'm going to just pick a random roll click Create function and that's it.
We've created our lambda function and all we need to do is actually write our function in here.
And once we're done we're going to get an endpoint a rule that we can access and trigger this function
and we can write our function in here.
But I'm going to show you a better way to implement our ranking system.
You see instead of writing it here and figuring out all the configuration that exists because this is
constantly going to change this dashboard is always going to get changed and maybe when you watch this
video this won't actually look like this.
And you don't really want to worry about configuration you just want to write code.
And for this we're going to be using a tool called Servilius that really helps a set.
But I wanted to show you regardless how easy it is to create a function.
And here.
All right.
So we want to create a ranking system here that based on the number that we have of entries updates
our little batch will get started.
We need a tool called Server less and server less looks like this.
The name is a little bit off because the package name is server less but it helps with what we call
server less architecture which Amazon provides.
Now the name server less is actually a little bit deceiving because keep in mind the service doesn't
actually mean you still don't have a server.
It just means you don't have to worry about scaling and all the things people used to do back then to
manage the server.
Amazon does that for you and I put two logos on here because server less recently updated their logos.
If you see both of these it's the same thing now server less allows us to deploy Amazon lambda functions
really really easy from our command line.
And we don't have to worry too much about going to their dashboard and configuring everything by hand
and that's never fun.
It's better when we're coding and using our terminal.
So we're going to do that.
And the next video we're going to install service gets started.
But I do recommend that you get a free tier for Amazon Lamda and follow along because it's going to
be a lot of fun.
I'll see in the next one.